#1 What happens when you initialize a repository? 
Why do you need to do it?

It adds a little .git file to that folder. This allows 
you to then make committs. Initiallizing a repository 
does not create a committ. 

#2 How is the staging area different from the working
 directory and the repository? 
 What value do you think it offers?

 The working directory gives you an idea of what is 
 going on in your repository. The staging area is 
 specific for files that will be included in the 
 next commit. I think that this is usefull because 
 it gives you more control over what is committed 
 and why. 

 #3 How can you use the staging area to make sure 
 you have one commit per logical change? 

 You can you git diff --staged to see the difference 
 between the staged files and the most recent commit. 
 This is helpful because it shows you what is different
 from the provious commit and you can make sure it is a 
 commit that has one logical change

 #4 What are some situations when branches would be 
 helpful in keeping your history organized? 
 How would branches help?

 If you have different ideas for your software you can have
 multiple branches for multiple ideas. Or you can have 
 different versions for the same project on different branches.

 #5 How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch 
 structure?

 It gives you an idea of what is connected to what is 
 connected to that commit. It seems like they are all connected 
 by a Linked list. 

 #6 What is the result of merging two branches together? 
 Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

 The result of merging to branches is basically taking to 
 simmilar files and making them into one, taking and adding
 what is nessicary. This is interesting and for some reason 
 i am not sure if I trust it, But it is super cool. It is 
 represented in the diagram as a commit having two parents 
 because it saves the commit history of both branches into one. 

 #7 What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. 
 always doing merges manually?

 If there are discrepencies and it merges automatically, then 
 something very wrong could happen. If there aren't any 
 discrepencies then it is pretty cool that it can merge them.

